
#### Avoid floating pragmas: the version should be locked

The pragma declared across the contracts is ^0.8.0 and 0.8.14. Locking the pragma (for e.g. by not using ^ in pragma solidity 0.8.0) ensures that contracts do not accidentally get deployed using an older compiler version with unfixed bugs. (see [here](https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-103))

Description: Contracts should be deployed with the same compiler version and flags that they have been tested with thoroughly. Locking the pragma helps to ensure that contracts do not accidentally get deployed using, for example, an outdated compiler version that might introduce bugs that affect the contract system negatively.

Recommendation: Consider locking the pragma version.


#### Event is missing indexed fields

Index event fields make the field more quickly accessible to off-chain tools that parse events. However, note that each index field costs extra gas during emission, so it's not necessarily best to index the maximum allowed per event (three fields). Each event should use three indexed fields if there are three or more fields, and gas usage is not particularly of concern for the events in question. If there are fewer than three fields, all of the fields should be indexed.

Instances number of this issue: 1
```solidity
// contracts/VTVLVesting.sol
69:     event ClaimRevoked(address indexed _recipient, uint112 _numTokensWithheld, uint256 revocationTimestamp, Claim _claim);
``` 

#### Missing Time locks

When critical parameters of systems need to be changed, it is required to broadcast the change via event emission and recommended to enforce the changes after a time-delay. This is to allow system users to be aware of such critical changes and give them an opportunity to exit or adjust their engagement with the system accordingly. None of the onlyOwner functions that change critical protocol addresses/parameters have a timelock for a time-delayed change to alert: (1) users and give them a chance to engage/exit protocol if they are not agreeable to the changes (2) team in case of compromised owner(s) and give them a chance to perform incident response.

Instances number of this issue: 1
```solidity
// contracts/AccessProtected.sol
    function setAdmin(address admin, bool isEnabled) public onlyAdmin {
        require(admin != address(0), "INVALID_ADDRESS");
        _admins[admin] = isEnabled;
        emit AdminAccessSet(admin, isEnabled);
    }
``` 

Recommendation: 
Users may be surprised when critical parameters are changed. Furthermore, it can erode users' trust since they can’t be sure the protocol rules won’t be changed later on. Compromised owner keys may be used to change protocol addresses/parameters to benefit attackers. Without a time-delay, authorized owners have no time for any planned incident response. (May be medium since owner can change critical parameters at anytime that can affect the users poorly).


#### Unused import

The OZ `Ownable.sol` is not used. 
Instances number of this issue: 2
```solidity
// contracts/AccessProtected.sol
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/access/Ownable.sol";

// contracts/VTVLVesting.sol
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/access/Ownable.sol";
```

Consider inherit the contract if needed.




#### Code Structure Deviates From Best-Practice

Description: The best-practice layout for a contract should follow the following order: state variables, events, modifiers, constructor and functions. Function ordering helps readers identify which functions they can call and find constructor and fallback functions easier. Functions should be grouped according to their visibility and ordered as: constructor, receive function (if exists), fallback function (if exists), external, public, internal, private. Some constructs deviate from this recommended best-practice: Modifiers are in the middle of contracts. External/public functions are mixed with internal/private ones. Few events are declared in contracts while most others are in corresponding interfaces.

Recommendation: Consider adopting recommended best-practice for code structure and layout.

contracts/VTVLVesting.sol


#### Missing or Incomplete NatSpec

Some functions are missing @notice/@dev NatSpec comments for the function, @param for all/some of their parameters and @return for return values. Given that NatSpec is an important part of code documentation, this affects code comprehension, auditability and usability.

Recommendation: 
Consider adding in full NatSpec comments for all functions to have complete code documentation for future use.

contracts/VTVLVesting.sol


#### Open TODO

Suggestion:

Implement the open TODOs or delete it.

Instances number of this issue: 1
```solidity
// contracts/VTVLVesting.sol
266:
        // Potential TODO: sanity check, if _linearVestAmount == 0, should we perhaps force that start and end ts are the same?
```

